non tec links (#3)
Entropy1729/hacking_learning_path: README.md

- [Zerocoin paper](https://zerocoin.org/media/pdf/ZerocoinOakland.pdf)
- [Zerocash paper](http://zerocash-project.org/media/pdf/zerocash-oakland2014.pdf)

> ### Courses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Courses
```
As these courses aren't about distributed systems they should be at a higher level of heading

- [CS 251: Blockchain Technologies](https://cs251.stanford.edu/syllabus.html)
- [Decentralized Finance MOOC](https://defi-learning.org/f22)
- [6.824 Distributed Systems](http://nil.csail.mit.edu/6.824/2017/schedule.html)

> ### Books

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Books
```
Same as previous comment about heading levels

- Programming Bitcoin
- Real World Cryptography

> 
> ## Non Technical 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Non Technical 
```

### Cultural 
- [Lunar Punk/Solar Punk | Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QA3YZVDUN5s)

> - [Hopium Diaries - Dystopian Dreams | Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1Z5BnBuFyE&t=664s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Hopium Diaries - Dystopian Dreams | Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1Z5BnBuFyE&t)
```

- [Balaji Srinivasan: The Network State | Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/episode/7tigpgcGreaPgpvTG88MAm)
- [All In 48: The Role of decentralization | Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/episode/0F4EMCYPk95XLcojGi3ckQ?si=CRqsYHENSd2GldwjD9jZqQ)

### Finance/Gepolitical

- [Peter Zeihan | The old world order is about to collapse](https://open.spotify.com/episode/2StuDwNDeU9JPMcmIe6Hbm)

> - [Ray Dalio | Principios para enfrentarse al Nuevo Orden Mundial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R34NjxDnhi4&t=26s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Ray Dalio | Principles for Dealing with the Changing World Order](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xguam0TKMw8)
```

- [Ray Dalio: Money, Power, and the Collapse of Empires](https://open.spotify.com/episode/6pbsJ5T7Zl9Wx1OeMt4PLH)
- [Brian Armstrong: Coinbase, Cryptocurrency, and Government Regulation](https://open.spotify.com/episode/1ppM04eZbU9Z22v9UFD5vI)
- [Michael Saylor: Bitcoin, Inflation, and the Future of Money - Lex Fridman](https://open.spotify.com/episode/4Q5AnqCrbJ3M9Yk4Kh4xjb)

### Bitcoin

- [But how does bitcoin actually work? | Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBC-nXj3Ng4)
- [Why Bitcoin is the Best Money with Lyn Alden](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zzj3qeKoghg)

> - [Nic Carter: Bitcoin Core Values, Layered Scaling, and Blocksize Debates](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zzj3qeKoghg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Nic Carter: Bitcoin Core Values, Layered Scaling, and Blocksize Debates](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDyBbGCiBUU)
```

- [Lightning Network Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UIOeoBEjmw)

### Ethereum

#### General

- [Two Generals' Problem Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8Wbt0b8bwY)
- [CODE IS LAW? Smart Contracts Explained (Ethereum, DeFi)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWGLtjG-F5c)
- [What Is GAS? Ethereum HIGH Transaction Fees Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yh8cHUB-KoU)
- [ETHEREUM MERGE - The Most Anticipated Event In Crypto Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEuPmA8w0Kc)

#### Defi

- [What is DEFI?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9HYC0EJU6E)
- [What Are NFTs and How Can They Be Used in Decentralized Finance?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xdkkux6OxfM)
- [DeFi - Past, Present and Future](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PT72hAbm2Eo)

> - [BANK RUN in DEFI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUokre-szPg&t=6s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [BANK RUN in DEFI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUokre-szPg&t)
```

#### Rollups

- [ROLLUPS - The Ultimate Ethereum Scaling Strategy?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pWxCklcNsU)

> - [Ethereum LAYER 2 SCALING Explained (Rollups, Plasma, Channels, Sidechains)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgCgauWVTs0&t=15s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Ethereum LAYER 2 SCALING Explained (Rollups, Plasma, Channels, Sidechains)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgCgauWVTs0&t)
```

#### Defi Protocols

> - [Uniswap](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ehm-OYBmlPM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [UNISWAP V3 - New Era Of AMMs? Architecture Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ehm-OYBmlPM)
```

> - [AAVE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwE3lUq51gQ)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [AAVE - The Road To $3 Billion - DEFI Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwE3lUq51gQ)
```

> - [Liquidity Polls](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cizLhxSKrAc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How do LIQUIDITY POOLS work? (Uniswap, Curve, Balancer) | DEFI Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cizLhxSKrAc)
```

#### Basic Cryptography

- [Cryptographic Hash Functions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UswqcbncliE)

> #### Zero-knowledge Proof

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Zero-Knowledge Proof
```

- [Zero-Knowledge Proof: How It Works](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_Im2g2xsAg)
- [What is zk-SNARK?](https://www.csoonline.com/article/3669908/what-is-zk-snark.html)
- [Zk-SNARKs Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suF5MtUv3hE)

> - [ZCash](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1Nr1VL5dGU)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Future Money: What Is Zcash (ZEC)?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1Nr1VL5dGU)
```

#### Aleo

> - [Alex Pruden Interview - Aleo's Privacy Solutions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y4jvyy8Nsk&t=136s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Alex Pruden Interview - Aleo's Privacy Solutions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y4jvyy8Nsk&t)
```

- [Launching Aleo Testnet 3,the First Layer-1 for Decentralized Private Applications ](https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/launching-aleo-testnet-3the-first-layer-1-for-decentralized-private-applications-301603573.html)

> ### Books

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Books

```

- Central Bankin 101
- Blocksize Wars

> - [The Network State](https://thenetworkstate.com/)
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [The Network State](https://thenetworkstate.com/)
```
